docs/editing_content/contents_view.rst, before:

Contents View
=============

The Contents view shows contained items with data for each item: title, type,
state (e.g. public or private), visibility (shown or hidden in navigation
menu), and creation and modification dates:

.. Image:: ../images/contents_view.png

Each item has a checkbox, so you can select one or multiple items for doing an
action via one of the buttons at the bottom of the view:

.. Image:: ../images/contents_action_buttons.png

Copy and Cut
------------

  Copy and Cut start a copy/paste or a cut/paste operation. After copying or
  cutting items, go to the place where you want to move them, and there will
  be a Paste button active and ready. This is a powerful feature for
  reorganizing content.

Rename
------

  Rename is used for changing the name, which is part of the web address (URL),
  and the title. If you select multiple items, then click Rename, you will be
  able to change the names and titles of all of the items in a single display.
  This another "power" feature. Imagine that you had named a number of items
  using a prefix 'NEWYK-', then later you see decide that the prefix
  'New-York-' is better. Instead of visiting each item individually to change
  them with the Edit view, use this multi-edit feature of the Contents view.

Delete
------

  Delete is available to delete single or multiple items in one operation.

Change State
------------

  Change State is for changing between Public and Private state. There is a
  checkbox for changing state of items that controls whether the state change
  should be applied recursively -- whether or not it is carried to child items
  in a nested set of items. Consider a document about cars and information
  about makes and models. The "Cars" document could contain child items for
  British, French, German, American and other countries, and each of these
  could contain documents about specific makes and models. What if all of this
  content is in a Private state, because you have been working on it to prepare
  for publication. When ready to publish, you will want to change the state of
  all nested items to Public, but it would be laborious to visit the items
  individually, even with the aid of the Contents view. This is where the
  recursive setting helps. Set it to apply the state change recursively, and
  all of the car info content will instantly be made public.

Move Up and Move Down
---------------------

  Move Up and Move Down are used to walk a content item up or down in the
  list.  This changes the position of the item in the list, but also in the
  navigation views. For top-level items -- the ones under the home page (or
  can be called front page, landing page, etc.) -- changing the order in the
  Contents view will change the order in the horizontal menu of main items in
  the header. Deeper within the content nesting of the website, ordering is
  only apparent in the Contents view itself, or in the site-wide Navigation
  view.

Show and Hide
-------------

  Show and Hide are for changing the visibility of items in the site-wide
  Navigation view. This is useful when you want items to be available on the
  website, perhaps for linking in documents, but you only want them to be
  found via these links.

Commit message:

Made a general editorial pass. Added a note about the term folder. Tamed a few statements. Fixed typos.

docs/editing_content/contents_view.rst, after:

Contents View
=============

The Contents view for a given location shows contained items with data for each
item: title, type, state (e.g. public or private), visibility (shown or hidden
in navigation menu), and creation and modification dates:

.. Image:: ../images/contents_view.png

Each item has a checkbox, so you can select one or more items for performing an
action, as described below, via one of the buttons at the bottom of the view:

.. Image:: ../images/contents_action_buttons.png

Copy and Cut
------------

  Copy and Cut start a copy/paste or a cut/paste operation. After copying or
  cutting items, go to the place where you want to move them, and there will
  be a Paste button active and ready. This is a powerful feature for
  reorganizing content.

Rename
------

  Rename is used for changing the name, which is part of the web address (URL),
  and the title. If you select multiple items, then click Rename, you will be
  able to change the names and titles of all of the items in a single display.
  This another "power" feature. Imagine that you had named a number of items
  using a prefix 'NEWYK-', then later you see decide that the prefix
  'New-York-' is better. Instead of visiting each item individually to change
  them with the Edit view, use this multi-edit feature of the Contents view.

Delete
------

  Delete is available to delete single or multiple items in one operation,
  after confirming the operation.

Change State
------------

  Change State is for changing between Public and Private state. There is a
  checkbox for changing state of items that controls whether the state change
  should be applied recursively -- whether or not it is carried to child items
  in a nested set of items. Consider a document about cars and information
  about makes and models. The "Cars" document could contain child items for
  British, French, German, American and other countries, and each of these
  could contain documents about specific makes and models. What if all of this
  content is in a Private state, because you have been working on it to prepare
  for publication. When ready to publish, you will want to change the state of
  all nested items to Public, but it would be laborious to visit the items
  individually, even with the aid of the Contents view. This is where the
  recursive setting helps. You would visit the main "Cars" document, and apply
  the state change recursively, and all of the car info content will instantly
  be made public.

.. Note:: It is a good habit, when doing large state changes, especially when
          you publish a slug of content, to log out of the site, then browse
          around checking things, to check for missed or unintended actions.

Move Up and Move Down
---------------------

  Move Up and Move Down are used to walk a content item up or down in the list.
  This changes the position of the item in the list, but also in the navigation
  views. For top-level items -- the ones under the home page (or can be called
  front page, landing page, etc.) -- changing the order in the Contents view
  will change the order in the horizontal menu of main items in the header.
  Deeper within the content nesting of the website, ordering is apparent in the
  Contents view itself, or in the site-wide Navigation view, or in list-style
  or tree-style custom navigation menus.

Show and Hide
-------------

  Show and Hide are for changing the visibility of items in the site-wide
  Navigation view. This is useful when you want items to be available on the
  website, perhaps for linking in documents, but you only want them to be
  found via these links. This can help keep navigation menus uncluttered.
