docs/example/example.rst, before:

A Fresh Kotti Site
==================

For the website associated with this user manual we will add content for a
fruit stand. Our fresh default Kotti website looks simple enough:

.. Image:: ../images/logged_in.png

You see where the site has already been given a proper "Fruit Stand on Main"
title when the site was created by our website hosting provider. You also see a
search box on the right side of the toolbar at the top.  There is a welcome
statement, instructions for logging in, configuring the site, viewing a list of
available add-ons, and viewing documentation. The amusing footer is a signature
of a software system called Pyramid that Kotti uses as a foundation.

We have the site title already, but the rest will change when we add content
for the fruit stand.

Logging In
==========

Let's log in by clicking the "Log In" button on the default Kotti website's
front page. That takes us to a page with the web address "/login" (which would
be on the end of the base web address, e.g., "http://www.example.com/login").
Here you can see where the username "Admin" and the password is being entered:

.. Image:: ../images/logging_in.png

You should be given a password by the person or company who set up your site.

After submitting the username and password by clicking the "Log In" button, and
after they have been successfully matched to an existing user account, the site
will be shown in "logged in" view:

.. Image:: ../images/logged_in.png

Preliminary Tasks
=================

Kotti creates a default front page with general information about Kotti itself,
and it adds a single document called "About" that has a photograph of airplanes
and placeholder text.

Both the front page and the "About" page need to be changed for a new website.
Someone may have already set up your site, or you may be part of a larger
organization where you work on just one part of a large site, but as we go
through this user manual, we'll work as if you are starting with your own new
website for a fruit stand.

We will replace the default "About" page with information about the fruit stand
offerings and schedule, and we will put introductory information on the front
page. We will add a Document called "Fruits" and to it we will add images of
the fruits for sale.  We will tag the fruit images for fruit categories to
which they belong.  This will be enough to demonstrate Kotti's main features.

Deleting the Default About Page
-------------------------------

For the first task, let's delete the default "About" page. We are logged in, so
we can see it. Notice that it is in the Private state (left side of screen,
see "Private" in what is called the editor bar, the row of menu choices
underneath the black toolbar):

.. Image:: ../images/default_about.png

.. Note:: You need to be logged in to see Add, Edit, and other forms, and you
          need rights as either the Admin user or a user with a role given Edit
          rights. After logging in, you will see a menu bar at the bottom of
          the site header, with menu choices for Private vs. Public (state),
          View, Contents, Edit, Share, Actions, Add, Navigate. Your username is
          at the far right (We are logged in as Administrator), where there is
          a pull-down menu for setting your personal site preferences. Here is
          the editor bar:

.. Image:: ../images/editor_bar.png

Since we have the "About" page in view, we have certain actions available via
the "Actions" pull-down menu, one of which is "Delete":

.. Image:: ../images/default_about_actions_menu.png

When we click the "Actions" menu, and the "Delete" choice, we get a
confirmation page:

.. Image:: ../images/default_about_delete_confirmation.png

Clicking "Delete" here will permanently delete the "About" page.

.. Image:: ../images/default_about_delete_flash_message.png

The "About" page has been deleted. You no longer see "About" in the toolbar
across the top of the page. 

Adding a New About Page
-----------------------

We will now add a new "About" page for our fruit stand website. We want to add
the "About" page as a top-level document -- from the "root" of the website. We
get ready to add the "About" page by clicking on the name of the website at
upper left. In the default Kotti website, this will say "Yet another Kotti
site." Then we are ready to click the "Add" choice on the editor bar to add a
Document:

.. Image:: ../images/add_about_actions_menu.png

We enter "About" as the title, and two short sentences for the description and
body, and then click the "Save" button:

.. Image:: ../images/add_about_save.png

After saving, Kotti will flash a message saying the save was successful:

.. Image:: ../images/add_about_save_flash_message.png

And now we have our new "About" page.

Editing the Front Page
----------------------

Editing a document is very similar to adding one. We visit the page by clicking
its title whereever we can see it. In the case of the front page, we get there
the same way as above, by clicking on the "Yet another Kotti site" name at
upper left. But now, instead of "Add," we choose "Edit" in the editor bar.

And we select and delete the existing description and body, replacing it with a
bit of information about our fruit stand (Use your mouse and/or keyboard as you
normally would to select text and images and delete, then type new text):

.. Image:: ../images/edit_front_page_save.png

After saving, the front page doesn't have much, but at least it is about our
fruit stand now:

.. Image:: ../images/edit_front_page_save_flash_message.png

And now we are off and running with a new site.

Commit message:

Fixed references to site title.

docs/example/example.rst, after:

A Fresh Kotti Site
==================

For the website associated with this user manual we will add content for a
fruit stand. Our fresh default Kotti website looks simple enough:

.. Image:: ../images/logged_in.png

You see where the site has already been given a proper "Fruit Stand on Main"
title when the site was created by our website hosting provider. You also see a
search box on the right side of the toolbar at the top.  There is a welcome
statement, instructions for logging in, configuring the site, viewing a list of
available add-ons, and viewing documentation. The amusing footer is a signature
of a software system called Pyramid that Kotti uses as a foundation.

We have the site title already, but the rest will change when we add content
for the fruit stand.

Logging In
==========

Let's log in by clicking the "Log In" button on the default Kotti website's
front page. That takes us to a page with the web address "/login" (which would
be on the end of the base web address, e.g., "http://www.example.com/login").
Here you can see where the username "Admin" and the password is being entered:

.. Image:: ../images/logging_in.png

You should be given a password by the person or company who set up your site.

After submitting the username and password by clicking the "Log In" button, and
after they have been successfully matched to an existing user account, the site
will be shown in "logged in" view:

.. Image:: ../images/logged_in.png

Preliminary Tasks
=================

Kotti creates a default front page with general information about Kotti itself,
and it adds a single document called "About" that has a photograph of airplanes
and placeholder text.

Both the front page and the "About" page need to be changed for a new website.
Someone may have already set up your site, or you may be part of a larger
organization where you work on just one part of a large site, but as we go
through this user manual, we'll work as if you are starting with your own new
website for a fruit stand.

We will replace the default "About" page with information about the fruit stand
offerings and schedule, and we will put introductory information on the front
page. We will add a Document called "Fruits" and to it we will add images of
the fruits for sale.  We will tag the fruit images for fruit categories to
which they belong.  This will be enough to demonstrate Kotti's main features.

Deleting the Default About Page
-------------------------------

For the first task, let's delete the default "About" page. We are logged in, so
we can see it. Notice that it is in the Private state (left side of screen,
see "Private" in what is called the editor bar, the row of menu choices
underneath the black toolbar):

.. Image:: ../images/default_about.png

.. Note:: You need to be logged in to see Add, Edit, and other forms, and you
          need rights as either the Admin user or a user with a role given Edit
          rights. After logging in, you will see a menu bar at the bottom of
          the site header, with menu choices for Private vs. Public (state),
          View, Contents, Edit, Share, Actions, Add, Navigate. Your username is
          at the far right (We are logged in as Administrator), where there is
          a pull-down menu for setting your personal site preferences. Here is
          the editor bar:

.. Image:: ../images/editor_bar.png

Since we have the "About" page in view, we have certain actions available via
the "Actions" pull-down menu, one of which is "Delete":

.. Image:: ../images/default_about_actions_menu.png

When we click the "Actions" menu, and the "Delete" choice, we get a
confirmation page:

.. Image:: ../images/default_about_delete_confirmation.png

Clicking "Delete" here will permanently delete the "About" page.

.. Image:: ../images/default_about_delete_flash_message.png

The "About" page has been deleted. You no longer see "About" in the toolbar
across the top of the page. 

Adding a New About Page
-----------------------

We will now add a new "About" page for our fruit stand website. We want to add
the "About" page as a top-level document -- from the "root" of the website. We
get ready to add the "About" page by clicking on the name of the website at
upper left ("Fruit Stand on Main").  Then we are ready to click the "Add"
choice on the editor bar to add a Document:

.. Image:: ../images/add_about_actions_menu.png

We enter text for "About" as the title, description and body, and then click
the "Save" button:

.. Image:: ../images/add_about_save.png

After saving, Kotti will flash a message saying the save was successful:

.. Image:: ../images/add_about_save_flash_message.png

And now we have our new "About" page.

Editing the Front Page
----------------------

Editing a document is very similar to adding one. We visit the page by clicking
its title whereever we can see it. In the case of the front page, we get there
the same way as above, by clicking on the "Fruit Stand on Main" name at upper
left. But now, instead of "Add," we choose "Edit" in the editor bar.

And we select and delete the existing description and body, replacing it with a
bit of information about our fruit stand (Use your mouse and/or keyboard as you
normally would to select text and images and delete, then type new text):

.. Image:: ../images/edit_front_page_save.png

After saving, the front page doesn't have much, but at least it is about our
fruit stand now:

.. Image:: ../images/edit_front_page_save_flash_message.png

And now we are off and running with a new site.
