======
Images
======

There are two ways to add images to a Kotti website. One way, already
described, is to add an image to the body of a Document. Another way is to add
an Image directly from the Add menu. Either way, the image is added wherever
you are on the website. If you are in
www.example.com/recipes/desserts/brownies/granny-carols-brownies, and you add
an Image for a photograph, that would be equivalent to adding it to the body of
the "Granny Carol's Brownies" document, as far as where the image lives on the
website. The image would not be visible this way, except in the Navigate
display of the website. For this reason, most often you will want to add images
to the body of documents where they are needed.

However, this flexibility for images directly allows creativity. You could add
a document called "Dessert Photos" and add images to it, making a simple photo
album by setting the default view of the document to be "Folder View". The
default view setting is in the Actions menu.

There is more to the Image content type. Images can be made from photographs,
from scanned documents, from frame grabs of video, from screen captures, from
the output of specialized programs -- so many ways. But they mostly fall into a
set of familar types, with filename endings like .jpg, .png, and .gif. They
vary in size tremendously, from thumbnail images only a few kilobytes in size
to the real whoppers, the ones coming off modern digital cameras, even
point-and-shoot cameras. These can be many megabytes in size, and in dimension,
thousands of pixels wide and tall.

Kotti helps make sense of all of this. Websites don't need whopper-size images
for normal display, although large images can certainly be stored on a website.
A typical website is 1000 pixels wide or so, giving you a good idea of the
largest size you will need.

The most common routine goes something like the following. You take some
photographs and download them from your camera to your computer. You look at
them, delete the bad ones, keep the good, make adjustments to improve the
contrast, brightness, etc. Some photographs you select for use on your website.
At this point, you should follow these guidelines:

- Don't upload them to the website as the original huge images.
- Resize them first. Find the "export" or "save as" or "share" part of your
  image editing / photo viewing software. Save the photographs on your computer
  as 1200 pixels in width before uploading, or upload them as they are if they
  are less than 1200 pixels wide.

Upon uploading to a Kotti website, there is behind-the-scenes work for
preparing copies of the original image at several sizes that fit the design of
the website. Kotti uses a modern approach for layout, and it knows the default
widths of the entire site, and of its parts. You don't have to make different
size versions of the images; Kotti handles it. In the old days of the web, and
in unsophisticated systems, you would have to manually do this work.
 
An image is given a title and description when you add it. Just as web
addresses (URLs) are made for documents, the image will have its own URL.
Consider a photograph you have on your computer named IMG_5381.JPG. That is the
name that your camera gave it. Imagine it is a picture of a sparrow at your
bird feeder. When you add the photograph to your website, you would give it a
good title and description.

After the image has been uploaded, it is available at a URL of this nature:

+--------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------+
|Computer File |    Image Title  |                   URL                      |
+==============+=================+============================================+
|IMG_5381.JPG  |Sparrow at Feeder|  www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder  |
+--------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------------+

The name of files on your computer, such as IMG_5381.JPG, is usually not needed
in the context of a website.  A good approach is to label images in your
desktop computer software, as with "Sparrow at Feeder," so that when you upload
them to your website, or change something later, you can identify items.
Consider working on your website after a year has passed, and you decide to crop
the "Sparrow at Feeder" image to only include the sparrow, to crop out the bird
feeder. Where is the original image on your computer? Find the original file,
IMG_5381.JPG by the title, used also as the image label or caption on your
computer.

.. Note:: There is no avoiding the need for this kind of management. Try to
          develop good habits.

The image URL shows its context on the website. It lives within /photos. If you
want to see the image all by itself, add /image on the end of the URL::

    www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image

Visiting this URL would show the full-size image that you uploaded.

The behind-the-scenes preparation work described above, that Kotti does to
prepare images automatically at different sizes, results in the following
additional available image URLs, along with their widths:

=========================================================== ===============
                     Image URL                                Image Width
=========================================================== ===============
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span1         60 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span2        160 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span3        260 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span4        360 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span5        460 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span6        560 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span7        660 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span8        760 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span9        860 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span10       960 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span11      1060 pixels
   www.example.com/photos/sparrow-at-feeder/image/span12      1160 pixels
=========================================================== ===============

Use these sizes a general guideline. You know that span12 covers the entire
width of the website, span6 half of it. span1, at only 60 pixels wide, is
small thumbnail size.

A Kotti website is divided into 12 columns for its structural design, for its
website design layout. The default Kotti website uses a full-width design, so
you don't see any indication of the columns. If the design of the website is
changed, however, as when a navigation menu is added on the left side, the
navigation menu might span 3 columns, leaving 9 columns for the right-hand
side, where content items show. The image scale that fits such a navigation
menu area on the left, 3 columns wide, is span3. The one that fits the right
side in such a layout is span9. This scheme makes working with website layout
simpler than thinking in terms of absolute pixel dimensions.

The word-processor style user interface for composing the body of a document
has an image picker that pops up when you click the image button. You can
simply pick the image scale you want from a list, and experiment until you find
an image scale that works for a given need.

Images do not have to fit flush to column widths in a design layout. In the
example above, in the area on the right that is 9 columns wide, you many want
to use a medium-size image, centered at the top. The span5 image scale would
work nicely for that. You might want to use a span2 thumbnail in a paragraph.

.. Note:: Learning about Kotti's treatment of images takes some effort, but it
          helps you appreciate how Kotti is able to scale down from a full
          computer display to show the website on a tablet, or even a phone. It
          changes the size definitions of the spans on the fly, so that the
          site stays proportional, within reason, at different overall sizes.
          The span system for design layout avoids hard-coding to set sizes.
