Workflow Policies
=================

The term used for the setup for user and roles and related functionality is
``workflow``.  You do not need to create a workflow policy to use a Kotti
website. If you are the sole user of the website, then you can set up your own
system, but when multiple people are involved, at least roles can be useful.
But even then, a custom workflow is not needed, because as user groups are
created by the Admin user, a simple defacto workflow is created using the
built-in states, Private and Public. So, read about workflow for general
interest, and for at least knowing the potential of workflows, should a need
arise.

A custom workflow is needed when there is more involved in the process of
creating and editing content items in a succession.

A workflow is constituted by a set of policies created for a given CMS setup,
wherein user groups and roles are defined, and relationships and
responsibilities established by creation of workflow states that expand upon
Private and Public. These could include Pending, Postponed, Scheduled,
Ready-For-Circulation, Needs-Full-Review, etc., depending on specific needs. As
these state names suggest, this is an area where creativity can help to build a
fine-grained system.

For example, a manufacturing operation, e.g. for custom clothing, could have an
in-house Kotti CMS for documenting and controlling flow of project work. The
designers of the workflow would need to understand the physical layout and work
schedules and constraints. They would create user roles for different stages of
manufacture and assembly work, and custom content types with web forms that
people would use to enter data into computer terminals on the work floor. A
sequential flow of work stages would develop, starting with the initial work on
the project piece, followed by quality control checks before it moves to the
next workstation area. A given workstation could check a list of project pieces
and where they are in the queue. The names of the workflow states and
transitions might look like this:

.. Image:: ../images/manufacturer_workflow.png

Think of documents tied to individual project pieces by serial number, that
would be marked as the items are carried through the process.

For a similar example, Kotti could be used for a video production shop, which
might have roles in the workflow such as "Ingestion," which would have people
working with raw video in the first processing steps, along with roles for
"Color Correcting," "Titles," "Special Effects," etc. And the states used along
the way could include "Raw footage," "Initial Compression Good,", "Initial
Compression Failed," "Color Corrected," "Ending Credits Added," etc. 
