docs/kotti_basics/overview.rst, before:

========
Overview
========

A website is a website is a website. Not.

For the modern day World Wide Web, websites are built using several main
development approaches, including::

    - Browser-, client-side (your computer) focus using JavaScript, with the
      server software kept as a simple storage system.
    - Server-side focus using languages like Java, Python, and others, with a
      robust database storage system.
    - Combinations that blur these two approaches.

Kotti uses the second approach mainly, but has the flavor of a combined
approach, with JavaScript used for parts of the user interface, and with Python
forming the heart of the system on the server, backed by a powerful database
engine.

As a user, you don't have to know about the languages used, nor the focus on
browser- or server-side programming. You just use the website. However,
understanding the nature of the software will help you appreciate it, and build
confidence in it.

The choice of approach made by Kotti, and the software components used, say
several things about its origin and development by seasoned content management
system professionals and software developers::

    - Keep the core simple, using a natural design.
    - Use and re-use best-of-breed software components.
    - Write code that uses best practices for style and form.
    - Work collaboratively, using modern development tools.
    - Test the software continuously.

Kotti has marched through numerous revisions to become stable, and a group of
dedicated software developers has assembled. The future looks bright for the
adoption of Kotti for small and large websites, for internal company systems,
for social media, and many other niches. It is a capable CMS.

The design of Kotti originates on the view of content storage as something like
an outline or tree, where content is nested in a meaningful way.  This is the
natural aspect. The Document content type is the most important part of this
concept. Documents are added to a Kotti website in the way word-processor
documents are created, but in the context of the web. Documents contain text
and may include images, files, and links to other documents.  Kotti's design
makes linking documents to one another easy.

Commit message:

Edited a few documents. Developed the screen capture code in kotti_capture.py to have functions that match image names in the docs. kotti_capture.py parses docs for images and calls the matching functions to produce the images.

docs/kotti_basics/overview.rst, after:

========
Overview
========

A website is a website is a website. Not.

For the modern day World Wide Web, websites are built using several main
development approaches, including::

    - Client-side (web browser on your computer) focus using JavaScript, with
      the server software kept as a simple storage system.
    - Server-side focus using languages like Java, Python, and others, with a
      robust database storage system.
    - Combinations that blur these two approaches.

Kotti uses the second approach mainly, but has the flavor of a combined
approach, with JavaScript used for parts of the user interface, and with Python
forming the heart of the system on the server, backed by a powerful database
engine.

As a user, you don't have to know about the languages used, nor the focus on
browser- or server-side programming. You just use the website. However,
understanding the nature of the software will help you to appreciate it, to
build confidence in it.

The choice of approach made by Kotti, and the software components used, reflect
several goals desired by the seasoned content management system professionals
and software developers who make Kotti::

    - Keep the core simple, using a natural design.
    - Use and re-use best-of-breed software components.
    - Write code that uses best practices for style and form.
    - Work collaboratively, using modern development tools.
    - Test the software continuously.

Kotti has marched through numerous revisions to become stable, and a group of
dedicated software developers has assembled. The future looks bright for the
adoption of Kotti for small and large websites, for internal company systems,
for social media, and many other niches. It is a capable CMS.

The design of Kotti has content storage as something like an outline or tree,
where content is nested in a meaningful way.  This is the natural aspect. The
Document content type is the most important part of this concept. Documents are
added to a Kotti website in the way word-processor documents are created, but
in the context of the web. Documents contain text and may include images,
files, and links to other documents.  Kotti's design makes linking documents to
one another easy.

A fresh Kotti website looks simple enough:

.. Image:: ../images/not_logged_in.png
