docs/kotti_basics/users_and_roles.rst, before:

===============
Users and Roles
===============

A website usually is simply a presentation of text and images and other content
available for view by anyone. The content of the website is added by any number
of ways to build websites, but there is often no concept of "logging in" to see
content. The content is simply added, and it is viewable by all who visit the
website. This can be called anonymous viewing, and the general website visitor
can be called an anonymous user.

A CMS does involve the concept of "logging in," at least for the person adding
content in the first place, and it involves the concept of having content in
public vs. private state: public, for availability for viewing by the anonymous
user, as for a typical website, and private, for restricting the availability
of viewing to the "logged in" user. Once a user has logged in, they can be
called an authorized or an authenticated user.

In its simplest form, Kotti allows a special user, called the Admin user, to
log in and add and edit content. If the Kotti website is so simple that only
one person will be adding content, that user will be the Admin user. The Admin
user has full rights to do anything to the website.

.. Note:: You need to be logged in to see Add, Edit, and other forms, and you
          need rights as either the Admin user or a user with a role given Edit
          rights. After logging in, you will see a menu bar at the bottom of
          the site header, with menu choices for Private vs. Public (state),
          View, Contents, Edit, Share, Actions, Add, Navigate. You our user
          name is at the far right, where there is a pull-down menu for setting
          your personal site preferences.

For a larger Kotti website, where several people add content, the Admin user
may create the accounts for other people. One common approach is to divide the
website into several top-level sections that different people manage. For
example, imagine that Joe, Sally, and Xavier are the content managers for such
a website, we'll say for a musical act agency. First the Admin user logs in,
creates the three accounts, then sends emails with user names and passwords.
The Admin user creates three top-level sections of the website, notifying Joe,
Sally, and Xavier about their responsibilities: Joe for the Prospects section,
Sally for the Existing Clients section, and Xavier for the Legal Affairs
section.  The Admin user assigns rights to these three areas by creating three
user groups, prospects, existing_clients, and legal_affairs, then by setting
the respective groups as owners of the three website sections. This way,
additional people can be added by simply assigning them to a given group. For
example, if Judy works with Xavier on the legal team, the Admin user creates a
new account for Judy, then assigns her to the legal_affairs group, then emails
her about the new account and her responsibilities.  Judy and Xavier will both
have rights to add and edit content in the Legal Affairs section.

Kotti includes a user registration system that can be open for general users to
sign up. This is useful for social media websites that seek out membership. It
can also be useful for a larger organization or company, to ease the account
creation process. The system can be configured so that new registrants
automatically receive a confirmation email. These new users can also
automatically be assigned to a group.

Many different scenarios are possible for building roles for users of the CMS.
For a large multi-level organization, user groups can be created that mimic
that organization. Rights can be assigned so that users in one group are
restricted in what they can view, what they can add and edit. In the classic
example, a newspaper could have user groups for reporters, photographers,
editors, managers, etc. Each would have specific responsibilities and rights.
For example, a reporter can only write and compile articles, together with
photographers. An editor can edit their work, but is not allowed to publish.
Only managers can publish content.

Even a small business with a handful of employees, or a small non-profit with a
handful of members, can benefit from some form of structure like this. Kotti
can handle needs of small and large organizations and companies.

The term used for the setup for scenarios described above is workflow. A
workflow is a set of policies created for a given CMS setup, wherein user
groups and roles are defined, and relationships and responsibilities are set.
Consider a newspaper workflow, a small non-profit workflow, a supply house
intranet workflow, and so on. We dig into the details about workflow next.

Commit message:

Edited a few documents. Developed the screen capture code in kotti_capture.py to have functions that match image names in the docs. kotti_capture.py parses docs for images and calls the matching functions to produce the images.

docs/kotti_basics/users_and_roles.rst, after:

===============
Users and Roles
===============

A website usually is simply a presentation of text and images and other content
available for view by anyone. The content of the website is added by any number
of ways to build websites, but there is often no concept of "logging in" to see
content. The content is simply added somehow, and it is viewable by all who
visit the website. This can be called anonymous viewing, and the general
website visitor can be called an anonymous user.

A CMS does involve the concept of "logging in," at least for the person adding
content in the first place, and it involves the concept of having content in
public vs. private state: public, for allowing open viewing by the anonymous
user, as for a typical website, and private, for restricting viewing to the
"logged in" user. Once a user has logged in, they can be called an authorized
or an authenticated user.

In its simplest form, Kotti allows a special user, called the Admin user, to
log in and add and edit content. If the Kotti website is so simple that only
one person will be adding content, that user will be the Admin user. The Admin
user has full rights to do anything to the website.

.. Note:: You need to be logged in to see Add, Edit, and other forms, and you
          need rights as either the Admin user or a user with a role given Edit
          rights. After logging in, you will see a menu bar at the bottom of
          the site header, with menu choices for Private vs. Public (state),
          View, Contents, Edit, Share, Actions, Add, Navigate. You our user
          name is at the far right, where there is a pull-down menu for setting
          your personal site preferences.

.. Image:: ../images/main_menu.png

For a larger Kotti website, where several people add content, the Admin user
may create the accounts for other people. One common approach is to divide the
website into several top-level sections that different people manage. For
example, imagine that Joe, Sally, and Xavier are the content managers for such
a website, we'll say for a musical act agency. First the Admin user logs in,
creates the three accounts, then sends emails with user names and passwords.
The Admin user creates three top-level sections of the website, notifying Joe,
Sally, and Xavier about their responsibilities: Joe for the Prospects section,
Sally for the Existing Clients section, and Xavier for the Legal Affairs
section.  The Admin user assigns rights to these three areas by creating three
user groups, prospects, existing_clients, and legal_affairs, then by setting
the respective groups as owners of the three website sections. This way,
additional people can be added by simply assigning them to a given group. For
example, if Judy works with Xavier on the legal team, the Admin user creates a
new account for Judy, then assigns her to the legal_affairs group, then emails
her about the new account and her responsibilities.  Judy and Xavier will both
have rights to add and edit content in the Legal Affairs section.

Kotti includes a user registration system that can be open for general users to
sign up. This is useful for social media websites that seek out membership. It
can also be useful for a larger organization or company, to ease the account
creation process. The system can be configured so that new registrants
automatically receive a confirmation email. These new users can also
automatically be assigned to a group.

Many different scenarios are possible for creating roles for users of the CMS.
For a large multi-level organization, user groups can be created that mimic
that organization. Rights can be assigned so that users in one group are
restricted in what they can view, what they can add and edit. In the classic
example, a newspaper could have user groups for reporters, photographers,
editors, managers, etc. Each would have specific responsibilities and rights.
For example, a reporter can only write and compile articles, together with
photographers. An editor can edit their work, but is not allowed to publish.
Only managers can publish content.

Even a small business with a handful of employees, or a small non-profit with
just a few members, can benefit from some form of structure like this. Kotti
can handle needs of small and large organizations and companies.

The term used for the setup for scenarios described above is ``workflow``. A
workflow is a set of policies created for a given CMS setup, wherein user
groups and roles are defined, and relationships and responsibilities are set.
Consider a newspaper workflow, a small non-profit workflow, a supply house
intranet workflow, and so on. We dig into the details about workflow next.
