docs/adding_content/documents.rst, before:

Adding Documents
================

Adding content to a new Kotti website usually involves adding top-level
documents for main sections of the website, followed by adding documents within
these sections. Documents, Files, and Images are added in course, where they
are needed within documents. Before you know it, a nested structure of
documents materializes. Kotti makes this a very natural process, principally
through the design of the Document content type.

We added the "About" document already, but here details are explained about the
process. You recall that we have "Document" as a choice in the "Add" menu:

.. Image:: ../images/add_menu.png

The web form for adding a Document has the title at the top, then the
description, then the body. The title and description have simple text fields
for keyboard entry. The body has a special widget, something like that seen in
word processing software, for formatting text, headings, and paragraphs. Each of
these Document properties has a unique nature.

Let's add a new top-level document called "Fruit Rootstock" for listing a few
fruit tree rootstock packs available at our fruit stand. We will cover the details
below, but here is what the add document web form looks like just before the
"Save" button is clicked.

.. Image:: ../images/add_fruit_rootstock_document_save.png

Title
-----

The title of a document is, of course, very important. Kotti is smart about how
titles are transformed to work as key parts of the "web address" of each
document. The counterpart to the title, the part used in the web address, is
called the name. You do not enter the name directly. Kotti creates it from the
title. For our "Fruit Rootstock" document, the title will be "Fruit Rootstock"
and the name will be set to "fruit-rootstock" by Kotti automatically (You won't
see the name when you enter the title, but you will when you look at the web
address).

You see web addresses everywhere as you use the Internet.  www.google.com is a
web address, and so is www.bbc.com. And so is www.bbc.com/news. And so is
www.bbc.com/news/asia. These web addresses are called URLs, for Universal
Resource Locator, the official name that goes back to the creation of the World
Wide Web. When you add a Document, you don't have to worry so much about the
rules of making good URLs from titles, because Kotti takes care it.

The following table shows what the URLs would be for titles of documents about
apple rootstock choices (the corresponding name is the part after the last /):

========================= ====================================================
        Title                                      URL
------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
Red Delicious             www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/red-delicious
Bramley's Seedling        www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/bramleys-seedling
King-of-the-Pippins       www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/king-of-the-pippins
MM.106 Rootstock          www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/mm-106-rootstock
========================= ====================================================

You see that blanks are replaced by dashes. Special characters such as
apostrophes are ignored, backslashes are replaced with dashes, and so on. Look
at the URLs again.  Kotti ensures that they are clean and simple, and that you
can make the titles however you want without worry.

The title is mandatory. You have to have one to make the URL for the document.

Description
-----------

Kotti follows the tradition of CMS software in the handling of descriptions.
Descriptions are plain text-only. You can't make some words bold. You can't
make paragraphs. These restrictions may cramp your style, literally, but they
are in place to force a simplicity. If you need special formatted text, put it
in the body.

Make good descriptions. Complete sentences with proper punctuation are great.
Use words that fit the item, thinking of keywords that would match search text
strings you imagine people would use. Keep it fairly short.

We follow these rules for our "Fruit Rootstock" document description.

The description is optional, but it is a good habit to write one, because it
provides more searchable text.

Tags
----

Tags are keywords that are unique site-wide.
The tags
entry field is smart. After you have typed a few characters, for example "roo"
in rootstock, Kotti will check the existing set of tags for the site for
matches, and if it finds a pre-existing tag, or several tags, that begin with
"roo" you will see a small pop-up display of those tags to choose one. When you
have entered a new tag or selected an existing tag, hit the tab key to add
another.

Tags are optional, but as for descriptions, it is a good habit to add them,
because doing so provides an immediate organization of content that can be
searched categorically. If you see the rootstock tag anywhere on an item, click
it to seach for all content that has been tagged for the rootstock tag.
Likewise, use the general search to find content associated with multple tags
by using a search string such as "rootstock apple" to find all content items
that have been tagged with either the rootstock or apple tags.

When we tag our "Fruit Rootstock" document with the "rootstock" tag, as this is
its first use, so Kotti will create it anew.

A content manangement system has features that make a CMS website more powerful
than a simple storage system. One of these features is the content tagging
system, whereby users tag content by keywords to add an important layer of
information and organization.

Tags are added in the Edit form, between the Description and Body for a
Document, and in a similar position for other content types. Click in the tag
entry field to give it keyboard focus, then type keywords or keyphrases.  The
tag entry field uses the tab key to signify that a tag has been typed. When you
add a tag and hit the tab key, the cursor moves to become ready for entry of
the next tag.

The tags entry field knows about existing tags, and shows them as soon as you
have typed enought letters to match one. You can type the existing tag, or you
can click matched tag when it appears.

Tags are case-sensitive. Use this to advantage, by considering whether a formal
name works well for a tag, versus an informal word or phrase. Consider a
service business that has a Kotti site for managing information about multiple
clients.  Formal names of the client businesses would be appropriate tags:
Jones Company, Edwards & Eagleford Law, Acme Plumbing, etc. But in the same CMS
there could also be tags for general categories, such as law and plumbing. Often
both formally and informally named tags are useful.
Body
----

The Document body is where you add the real content. Add text, format words for
bold, italic, underline, and other formatting options. Select a paragraph and
indent it. Select several paragraphs and make a bulleted list. Create headings.
You have the normal range of features available in word processing software.

But you have more. Make a blank line and put the text cursor on the blank line.
Click the button to add an image and browse to find a photograph on your local
computer. When you add the image, Kotti will put it at the position of the text
cursor on the blank line. You can do the same for adding an image at the
beginning of a paragraph. Click to place the text cursor at the first
character, on the first line of the paragraph, then click the button to add the
image. The text will wrap around the image by default, but you have several
image-to-text formatting options. This also works like a word processing
software, for embedding images in a document.

We list the available rootstock in the body of our "Fruit Rootstock" document.

Saving
------

Each Add and Edit form in Kotti has a button that you click to save. When you
do, you will see the view change to that of the content type created. Having
entered the title, description, tags, and body for our new document, we save
and we then see the view for the new document:

.. Image:: ../images/add_fruit_rootstock_document_save_flash_message.png

Commit message:

Removed duplicated info about tags. Added note about adding documents within documents.

docs/adding_content/documents.rst, after:

Adding Documents
================

Adding content to a new Kotti website usually involves adding top-level
documents for main sections of the website, followed by adding documents within
these sections. Documents, Files, and Images are added in course, where they
are needed within documents. Before you know it, a nested structure of
documents materializes. Kotti makes this a very natural process, principally
through the design of the Document content type.

We added the "About" document already, but here details are explained about the
process. You recall that we have "Document" as a choice in the "Add" menu:

.. Image:: ../images/add_menu.png

The web form for adding a Document has the title at the top, then the
description, then the body. The title and description have simple text fields
for keyboard entry. The body has a special widget, something like that seen in
word processing software, for formatting text, headings, and paragraphs. Each of
these Document properties has a unique nature.

Let's add a new top-level document called "Fruit Rootstock" for listing a few
fruit tree rootstock packs available at our fruit stand. We will cover the details
below, but here is what the add document web form looks like just before the
"Save" button is clicked.

.. Image:: ../images/add_fruit_rootstock_document_save.png

Title
-----

The title of a document is, of course, very important. Kotti is smart about how
titles are transformed to work as key parts of the "web address" of each
document. The counterpart to the title, the part used in the web address, is
called the name. You do not enter the name directly. Kotti creates it from the
title. For our "Fruit Rootstock" document, the title will be "Fruit Rootstock"
and the name will be set to "fruit-rootstock" by Kotti automatically (You won't
see the name when you enter the title, but you will when you look at the web
address).

You see web addresses everywhere as you use the Internet.  www.google.com is a
web address, and so is www.bbc.com. And so is www.bbc.com/news. And so is
www.bbc.com/news/asia. These web addresses are called URLs, for Universal
Resource Locator, the official name that goes back to the creation of the World
Wide Web. When you add a Document, you don't have to worry so much about the
rules of making good URLs from titles, because Kotti takes care it.

The following table shows what the URLs would be for titles of documents about
apple rootstock choices (the corresponding name is the part after the last /):

========================= ====================================================
        Title                                      URL
------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
Red Delicious             www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/red-delicious
Bramley's Seedling        www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/bramleys-seedling
King-of-the-Pippins       www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/king-of-the-pippins
MM.106 Rootstock          www.example.com/fruit-rootstock/mm-106-rootstock
========================= ====================================================

You see that blanks are replaced by dashes. Special characters such as
apostrophes are ignored, backslashes are replaced with dashes, and so on. Look
at the URLs again.  Kotti ensures that they are clean and simple, and that you
can make the titles however you want without worry.

The title is mandatory. You have to have one to make the URL for the document.

Description
-----------

Kotti follows the tradition of CMS software in the handling of descriptions.
Descriptions are plain text-only. You can't make some words bold. You can't
make paragraphs. These restrictions may cramp your style, literally, but they
are in place to force a simplicity. If you need special formatted text, put it
in the body.

Make good descriptions. Complete sentences with proper punctuation are great.
Use words that fit the item, thinking of keywords that would match search text
strings you imagine people would use. Keep it fairly short.

We follow these rules for our "Fruit Rootstock" document description.

The description is optional, but it is a good habit to write one, because it
provides more searchable text.

Tags
----

Tags are keywords that are unique site-wide.  The tags entry field is smart.
After you have typed a few characters, for example "roo" in rootstock, Kotti
will check the existing set of tags for the site for matches, and if it finds a
pre-existing tag, or several tags, that begin with "roo" you will see a small
pop-up display of those tags to choose one. When you have entered a new tag or
selected an existing tag, hit the tab key to add another.

Tags are optional, but as for descriptions, it is a good habit to add them,
because doing so provides an immediate organization of content that can be
searched categorically. If you see the rootstock tag anywhere on an item, click
it to seach for all content that has been tagged for the rootstock tag.
Likewise, use the general search to find content associated with multple tags
by using a search string such as "rootstock apple" to find all content items
that have been tagged with either the rootstock or apple tags.

When we tag our "Fruit Rootstock" document with the "rootstock" tag, as this is
its first use, so Kotti will create it anew.

Tags are case-sensitive. Use this to advantage, by considering whether a formal
name works well for a tag, versus an informal word or phrase. Consider a
service business that has a Kotti website for managing information about
multiple clients.  Formal names of the client businesses would be appropriate
tags: Jones Company, Edwards & Eagleford Law, Acme Plumbing, etc. But in the
same website there could also be tags for general categories, such as law and
plumbing. Often both formally and informally named tags are useful.

Body
----

The Document body is where you add the real content. Add text, format words for
bold, italic, underline, and other styling options. Select a paragraph and
indent it. Select several paragraphs and make a bulleted list. Create headings.
You have the normal range of features available in word processing software.

But you have more. Make a blank line and put the text cursor on the blank line.
Click the button to add an image and browse to find a photograph on your local
computer. When you add the image, Kotti will put it at the position of the text
cursor on the blank line. You can do the same for adding an image at the
beginning of a paragraph. Click to place the text cursor at the first
character, on the first line of the paragraph, then click the button to add the
image. The text will wrap around the image by default, but you have several
image-to-text formatting options. This also works like a word processing
software, for embedding images in a document.

We list the available rootstock in the body of our "Fruit Rootstock" document.
In an actual fruit stand website, we would probbly add documents for each of
these rootstock packs, but for this user manual, we will just add this one
document.

Saving
------

Each Add and Edit form in Kotti has a button that you click to save. When you
do, you will see the view change to that of the content type created. Having
entered the title, description, tags, and body for our new document, we save
and we then see the view for the new document:

.. Image:: ../images/add_fruit_rootstock_document_save_flash_message.png

.. Note:: You can add documents within other documents. At this point in a real
          fruit stand website, perhaps we would now add individual documents
          for each rootstock, containing information about care and feeding. We
          would simply click the "Add" menu choice to add another document. You
          need to pay attention to where you are when you add something,
          however. So, we would be sure to click the main "Fruit Rootstock"
          document each time we would add another individual rootstock
          document.
